README.md, before:

# Lumen

Lumen is a menu bar application for macOS that magically sets the screen
brightness based on your screen contents.

**You control Lumen simply by using your brightness keys - it'll automatically
learn your preferences.**

Lumen will automatically brighten the screen when you're looking at a dark
window (for example, a full-screen terminal) and it'll automatically darken the
screen when you're looking at a bright window (for example, a web browser).
This makes for a much more pleasant experience, especially at night.

## Demo

![Demo][demo]

Without Lumen, web pages are too bright, and the terminal is too dark to read.
With Lumen, it's perfect.

## Download

The easiest way to install Lumen is to use [Homebrew Cask][cask]:

```bash
brew install --cask lumen
```

On macOS 11, you will need to grant screen recording permission to Lumen (it
grabs the screen to see whether dark or light content is being displayed). You
can grant the permission when it's first requested, or you can go to System
Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy > Screen Recording and [check the
box](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anishathalye/lumen/doc/assets/screen-record.png)
next to Lumen.

If you prefer, you can manually install the binary. You can find pre-built
binaries [here][releases].

As of now, releases are not signed with a developer key. To open unsigned
applications, use [this method][opening-unsigned].

**Note: Lumen isn't supposed to work with auto brightness enabled, so be sure
to disable the "automatically adjust brightness as ambient light changes"
feature in System Preferences. Lumen also isn't compatible with f.lux or Night
Shift, so it may not work properly while you are using those.**

## Contributing

Feature requests, bug reports, and pull requests are all appreciated.

## Related Projects

* [bencevans/lumenaire](https://github.com/bencevans/lumenaire) - a **cross
  platform** implementation of Lumen written in **Node.js**
* [epilande/lux](https://github.com/epilande/lux) - a **cross platform**
  implementation of Lumen written in **Node.js**
* [meh/dux](https://github.com/meh/dux) - a **Linux** implementation of Lumen
  (with some extra features) written in **Rust**
* [maximbaz/wluma](https://github.com/maximbaz/wluma) - a **Linux** implementation of Lumen
  (with some extra features) written in **C**
* [autolume/autolux](https://github.com/autolume/autolux) - a **Linux**
  implementation of Lumen written in **Python**
* [AlaaAlShammaa/Luminance](https://github.com/AlaaAlShammaa/Luminance) - a
  **Windows** implementation of Lumen written in **Java**

Note: I haven't personally audited the code from these projects.

## License

Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Anish Athalye. Released under GPLv3. See
[LICENSE.txt][license] for details.

[demo]: assets/demo.gif
[cask]: https://caskroom.github.io/
[opening-unsigned]: https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer-mh40616/mac
[releases]: https://github.com/anishathalye/lumen/releases
[license]: LICENSE.txt

Commit message:

Add note about Lunar and external monitors
Thanks to @ronakg for the tip!

README.md, after:

# Lumen

Lumen is a menu bar application for macOS that magically sets the screen
brightness based on your screen contents.

**You control Lumen simply by using your brightness keys - it'll automatically
learn your preferences.**

Lumen will automatically brighten the screen when you're looking at a dark
window (for example, a full-screen terminal) and it'll automatically darken the
screen when you're looking at a bright window (for example, a web browser).
This makes for a much more pleasant experience, especially at night.

## Demo

![Demo][demo]

Without Lumen, web pages are too bright, and the terminal is too dark to read.
With Lumen, it's perfect.

## Download

The easiest way to install Lumen is to use [Homebrew Cask][cask]:

```bash
brew install --cask lumen
```

On macOS 11, you will need to grant screen recording permission to Lumen (it
grabs the screen to see whether dark or light content is being displayed). You
can grant the permission when it's first requested, or you can go to System
Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy > Screen Recording and [check the
box](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anishathalye/lumen/doc/assets/screen-record.png)
next to Lumen.

If you prefer, you can manually install the binary. You can find pre-built
binaries [here][releases].

As of now, releases are not signed with a developer key. To open unsigned
applications, use [this method][opening-unsigned].

## Notes

- Lumen isn't supposed to work with auto brightness enabled, so be sure to
  disable the "automatically adjust brightness as ambient light changes"
  feature in System Preferences. Lumen also isn't compatible with f.lux or
  Night Shift, so it may not work properly while you are using those.
- Lumen does not natively support external monitors. If you want to control the
  brightness of an external monitor with Lumen, you can use [Lunar] to [sync
  your external monitor's brightness with your laptop
  screen](https://github.com/anishathalye/lumen/issues/6#issuecomment-900464865).

## Contributing

Feature requests, bug reports, and pull requests are all appreciated.

## Related Projects

* [bencevans/lumenaire](https://github.com/bencevans/lumenaire) - a **cross
  platform** implementation of Lumen written in **Node.js**
* [epilande/lux](https://github.com/epilande/lux) - a **cross platform**
  implementation of Lumen written in **Node.js**
* [meh/dux](https://github.com/meh/dux) - a **Linux** implementation of Lumen
  (with some extra features) written in **Rust**
* [maximbaz/wluma](https://github.com/maximbaz/wluma) - a **Linux** implementation of Lumen
  (with some extra features) written in **C**
* [autolume/autolux](https://github.com/autolume/autolux) - a **Linux**
  implementation of Lumen written in **Python**
* [AlaaAlShammaa/Luminance](https://github.com/AlaaAlShammaa/Luminance) - a
  **Windows** implementation of Lumen written in **Java**

Note: I haven't personally audited the code from these projects.

## License

Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Anish Athalye. Released under GPLv3. See
[LICENSE.txt][license] for details.

[demo]: assets/demo.gif
[cask]: https://caskroom.github.io/
[opening-unsigned]: https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer-mh40616/mac
[releases]: https://github.com/anishathalye/lumen/releases
[license]: LICENSE.txt
[Lunar]: https://lunar.fyi/
